README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Odin Recipes</h1>

  A Basic Recipe Website ([live preview](https://oghrmatir.github.io/odin-recipes/))
</div>

## About
`odin-recipes`[^1] showcases a basic recipe website which consists of a main index page and links to a few recipes. Each recipe webpage has an image, description, ingredients, and steps to create the recipe.

[^1]: This [project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-recipes) is from the [Foundations Course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations) of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/about).

## Showcase
<div align="center">
  <img src="./images/screenshots/sample-1.jpg" alt="Screenshot of sample page 1">
  <p>This is a screenshot of the index page.</p>

  <img src="./images/screenshots/sample-2.jpg" alt="Screenshot of sample page 2">
  <p>This is a screenshot of a recipe page.</p>

  <img src="./images/screenshots/sample-3.jpg" alt="Screenshot of sample page 3">
  <p>This is a screenshot of a recipe page.</p>

  <img src="./images/demo/demo.gif" alt="Screen cast of odin-recipes">
  <p>This is a screen cast of the website.</p>
</div>

## Technologies

***CLI***, ***Git***, ***HTML***, ***GitHub Pages***, ***CSS***

## Acknowledgements

- Credit to [AllRecipes](https://www.allrecipes.com/) for image and text.
- Credit to [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/) for text.

Commit message:

Update README.md with updated documentation

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Odin Recipes</h1>

  A Basic Recipe Website ([live preview](https://oghrmatir.github.io/odin-recipes/))
</div>

## About
`odin-recipes`[^1] showcases a basic recipe website which consists of a main index page and links to a few recipes. Each recipe webpage has an image, description, ingredients, and steps to create the recipe.

[^1]: This [project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-recipes) is from the [Foundations Course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations) of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/about).

## Showcase
<div align="center">
  <img src="./images/screenshots/sample-1.jpg" alt="Screenshot of sample page 1">
  <p>This is a screenshot of the index page.</p>

  <img src="./images/screenshots/sample-2.jpg" alt="Screenshot of sample page 2">
  <p>This is a screenshot of a recipe page.</p>

  <img src="./images/screenshots/sample-3.jpg" alt="Screenshot of sample page 3">
  <p>This is a screenshot of a recipe page.</p>

  <img src="./images/demo/demo.gif" alt="Screen cast of odin-recipes">
  <p>This is a screen cast of the website.</p>
</div>

## Motivation
> This was my first foray into web development and I found it quite interesting. This project is meant to test my HTML and CSS chops. I learned quite a lot of technologies prior to this - how to ask for help in coding forums, the basics of command line, the basics of git, and the foundations of HTML and CSS.

> Update: I came back to style the website with CSS to change its look and feel. I learned the following - the foundations of CSS, the CSS cascade, how to inspect HTML and CSS, and the different types of box model.

## Technologies
- ***CLI***
- ***Git***
- ***CSS***
- ***HTML***
- ***GitHub***
- ***GitHub Pages***

## Acknowledgements
- Credit for README goes to [ritaly's README-cheatsheet](https://github.com/ritaly/README-cheatsheet) and [ArjunSaili1's comment](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/discussions/25472#discussioncomment-5889343).
- Credit to [AllRecipes](https://www.allrecipes.com/) for image and text.
- Credit to [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/) for text.

## Contact and Support
- Please do not hesitate to contact **oghrmatir_40617** on discord for project-related queries.
- This project will no longer be worked upon and no further support will be provided.[^2]

[^2]: The [TOP Strategy guide](https://dev.to/theodinproject/becoming-a-top-success-story-mindset-3dp2) makes it clear to [focus on the point of the assignment](https://dev.to/theodinproject/learning-code-f56#:~:text=Focus%20on%20the%20point%20of%20the%20assignment) and that [foundations isn't a strong portfolio generator](https://dev.to/theodinproject/learning-code-f56#:~:text=Foundations%20isn%E2%80%99t%20a%20strong%20portfolio%20generator) so no point in wasting too much time here.
